the kids are playing with playdoh this
morning but is that all the play-doh we
have Hannah just that green stuff right
there Zeke and I are trying to make some
slight out what kind of player are we
making you know question what does it
smell like chili we making chili Terry
play-doh firstly I put some oil in that
first name comedy writer is out right
there hey no you had it right the first
time sweet good job tablespoons it just
a little bit to dream of you dad Zeke
before let's don't touch it to the fire
yeah and on oh one more good job we're
gonna put some boiling water in it next
so that's mommy's part to do okay why
this going to be very hot see the steam
very hot univ log I can see it click
your fingers yes do anyway well your
fingers are in the way does not look
like a he right recipe I chose it
because it had less ingredients than my
other one but we're gonna have to try to
salvage this'll help it and see what we
can do if Ray yeah after this road are
right there hi I feel pretty damn i'ma
do this would I do it right to God
looks different huh I pit way to pick up
nick different really easy it's a lot
easier than your other play-doh yeah
yeah do you like it better or do you
like your other play-doh better
yeah it's kind of mr. Hobbs like some
flour chunks from it not getting mixed
up all that great I think it's a pretty
good play doh you can squish it a lot
easier dinosaur footprint cool now what
are you gonna make I need to make the
footprints of shiny okay go find shiny
boy yeah I ended up not following really
either recipe to the T because I was
just trying to salvage the first recipe
um although I could have just followed
the second one to the T but I actually
think it is pretty good that's really
really Mashable but it's still pretty
warm from the boiling water right now so
I think when it cools it'll be different
good job Zeke it looks like you can
actually like play with your tools
easier now that it's like a softer Plato
for you do you like it I organized to
all of our school stuff for the most
part and so the kids are having alone
time and quiet time doing different
school stuff let's check out what
they're doing Holly what are you doing
for school are you having snack time set
your favorite part click what are you
working on Kendu tools you had to find a
washer first to put on it which size
washer fits those are the nuts these are
the bolts yeah there you go John's not
yeah cause it's messy I'll watch flutter
goes watch one clear now hey crazy girl
honey demon are you climbing all over
brother's bed yeah because she taken
over your bed Oh Holly's cuddled in you
didn't tell with her not around her neck
eat your leg baby and one last thing for
today you like that Lulu beretta asked
for a pregnancy update because I really
haven't done any update whatsoever on
this pregnancy I am about 12 weeks
pregnant right now or 13 I don't know I
have been given two different due dates
and they're sticking to the 12-week one
which is fine because I really gonna go
to VidCon this year and so being at
solving 13 actually like makes it a
little bit more doing you're so loud you
want to talk with you with you hi anyway
so this pregnancy's been going really
good I have been worried though because
I've had like very little morning
sickness like I think only like maybe
three times this whole entire time but I
just had a check-up today and got to
hear the baby's heartbeat so that was
really comforting there's a really quick
checkup I absolutely love the new
doctors office that I'm going to this
time I could not stand the doctor's
office that I used when I was pregnant
with Hallie my cravings and my food
aversions have been strange this time I
think they always are no matter what I
haven't had so many cravings but mostly
food aversions and then lately I've been
craving fresh berries fresh fruit and
then for like a couple weeks I had been
craving Chinese so when I was out the
other night at Sam's Club buying my
fresh berries I also bought some frozen
chinese food to bring home and cook so
that's our day that's how the baby's
going are y'all excited to have another
little baby brother a baby sister school
we good we have two babies my house when
I like them play with one and two poison
haslam tick away with a boy with boys
stuff and I collected girls where else
off of that money so what see what is in
mommy's tummy is there a boy in mommy's
tummy or is there a girl in mommy's
tummy I blame my boy what are you
thinking I do think it's a boy or do you
think it's a girl to get to boy cuz
girls are
holy hell i still have about two more
months before we can fight out if it's a
boy or a girl thanks Lulu for asking how
the pregnancies going it is going well
I've just been completely exhausted most
part can you imagine why no no with
three kids for it under and another one
that I'm hoping is born after Hannah
turns five that way I cannot say I have
four kids born under although I already
do right now well if we have anything
like that Smith first dick next Halley's
the third and the other ones the second
so we're going to have four kids in the
house we're gonna have four and we need
for kit for kid beds in one bed so we're
gonna have five people in this house
does not remember the pie we have five
right now in the house uh-huh that one's
actually suggest wouldn't how about
wants me or those of you and Daddy but
if we have you daddy me Zeke and Hallie
and then another baby we're gonna have
six there you go six people is awesome
make sure you subscribe if you enjoyed
this video and we will see you next time
bye